the demons always take an animal form so
was an opposite gender
they're almost like various versions of
your psyche and when you're a child it
changes cuz you still changed and then
it fixes when you're an adult
Lord Asriel demon decides to settle eyes
he's Snow Leopard pray come on their
vital to the peace and without that it
wouldn't be the show notes
[Music]
they have to be CGI I mean that was
really clear full-on furry critters CGI
photo-real those demon animals have to
give a performance they are representing
something of what the character is
thinking or feeling
no Lyra don't the retiring room is
expressly forbidden to put that on
screen is quite difficult and cost a lot
of money and in the end they decided
that on the day we would have a series
of puppets that would help us but also
the camera team and also the CGI guys on
the other side to work out what our
demons are doing making photo real
nuanced visual effects creations as
creatures or characters it's kind of our
bread and butter is what we do the worry
was the volume I show like this you know
it has what is what is undeniably a
incredibly high level of visual effects
as its baseline having a reference for a
performance or timing or rhythm in a
scene is really really helpful so it's
really good to have the initial sort of
onset instinct of a puppeteer so they
were pivotal for us being able to get
through the show so we had to build
representations of those things that
would give the actors and understanding
of the space that they failed and the
weight that they might be in the
interaction that they had with them
without it being too overly present but
we have an emotional accuracy in where
it is at the right time and get the
beats that are part of the story that's
so amazing they really do help because
if not you're like where's Pam but then
you do pulse and you're like follow this
there's everything and it's so fun
working with them because the people who
do it really nice also did I keep any I
got no me especially with children
arounds it's really important that those
puppets with everything it doesn't take
very long for tar to attach something to
a perfect
you know watching that's been really
good fun we actually work together and I
love stone here and I love the fact that
we can work some biotic ly as a dual she
even just walking in a room really who
walks in first me or still I think it's
a dangerous situation I think stay all
my goldfish because our senses and were
chained and mine just beating decisions
like that are really interesting to me I
love my puppet love I love Brian love my
puppet we're like Brian where are you we
work together for about week before just
working out he was giving me some monkey
moves we worked out a very important
psychological relationship between the
two it informs everything it's sort of
the missing actors in the scene in any
given time it's really wonderful and the
puppeteers here are so incredible that
you know as soon as Hester's in their
hands she comes to life yes we are in a
world of make believe in magic but it
helps to have a little magical
assistance shall we say
[Laughter]
[Music]